#2: Update demo to OFT 3.7.1 (#8)
itsallcode/openfasttrace-demo: oft-live-demo-medium.md

#### On Debian / Ubuntu

> The following was tested on Ubuntu 22.04 server LTS (to use a small image), but should run on other comparable setups too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following was tested on Ubuntu 22.04 Server LTS (to use a small image), but should run on other comparable setups too.
```

```bash

> sudo apt install bash coreutils grep maven openjdk-17-jdk vim libxml2-utils

Reviewer: You mention Java 11 but install Java 17 here

Choosing a specific version is important to avoid surprises during the presentation in case OFT's behavior changed since this live demo script was written.

## Holding the Live Demonstration

The following sections contain a suggestion of what you can tell people interested in OFT about the project and what it is good for. As with every presentation it is better to memorize the general sequence instead of the wording. You are not reciting a poem, feel free to use your own words!

*("Stage directions" are written in parentheses and italics.)*

## Live Demo

### What is OFT?

> OpenFastTrace is a requirement tracing suite. Simply put, requirement tracing makes sure that you don't forget stuff in your software project. That means that if you use OFT, you will not run into a situation where you have to explain to your customers why you forgot to implement a feature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenFastTrace is a requirement tracing suite. Simply put, requirement tracing makes sure that you don't forget stuff in your software project. That means that if you use OFT, you will not run into a situation where you have to explain to your customers why you forgot to implement a feature.
```

Trailing space

While the converter is undoubtedly useful, it simply converts all its inputs into a specific requirements interchange format.

### Tracing OFT With Itself

You might have heard the term "eat your own dog food". This means that an organization should use its own products in order to share the customer's experience.

Of course, we do this with OpenFastTrace. So lets run a trace over our own sources.

```bash
oft trace doc/spec $(find . -name java)
```

> The command above tells OFT to trace all requirement for the files in `doc/spec` plus all java files it can find in the project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command above tells OFT to trace all requirement for the files in `doc/spec` and all `java` directories in the project. 
```

Our first hit is `dsn~specification-item~3`. We read through the description and realize we have to add the new field "Stakeholder (`String`, optional)" here. Since we changed the design requirement, we also need to increment its revision, so that the ID is now `dsn~specification-item~4`. And of course, we fix the upward link, which now points to the new revision 3 of the user requirement `req~specification-item~3`.

Here is what that looks like:

> ![Updating a design item](doc/live-demo-medium/images/updating_design_item.png)

Additionally, we find `dsn~linked-specification-item~1` and `dsn~specification-item-id~1`, both of which require no change expect for fixing the broken link, so we just do that.

Again, we run the trace.

```bash
oft trace doc/spec $(find . -name java)
```

Now the problem is pushed down a level from the design to the implementation as you can see here:

> ![Broken links to implementation and test](doc/live-demo-medium/images/broken_links_to_code.png)

### Tracing Upward Only

> :q

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Is this here by intention?

OFT can work as converter. In this case the original content is converted into the target format of your choice.

The following command converts the system requirements and design of OFT into the ReqM2 format.

```bash
oft convert -o specobject doc/spec
```

*(The next step assumes you have `xmllint` installed. Of course, you can use other software to pretty print the XML output too)*

```bash
oft convert -o specobject doc/spec | xmllint --format - > /tmp/oft_specifications.xml
```

```bash
vi /tmp/oft_specifications.xml
```

### Which Exchange Formats Does OFT support?

* OFT native: Requirement-enhanced Markdown (in / out)
* ReqM2 (in / out)
* OFT code decoration (in)
* Reqm2 code decoration (in)

### Where to go From Here?
You can find documentation about OpenFastTrace on GitHub:

* [OpenFastTrace project page](https://github.com/itsallcode/openfasttrace)
* [Contributing to OFT](https://github.com/itsallcode/openfasttrace/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Handbook is work in progress (at the time of writing this script 2018-05-20):

> * [User guide](https://github.com/itsallcode/openfasttrace/blob/story/%23111-Add_handbook/doc/user_guide.md)

Reviewer: User guide is already finished: https://github.com/itsallcode/openfasttrace/blob/main/doc/user_guide.md
